Update debian.md to ease understanding (#18340)
docker/docs: content/engine/install/debian.md

   > ```console
   > $(. /etc/os-release && echo "$VERSION_CODENAME")
   > ```

>    > with the codename for the equivalent version of Debian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >
   > Replace this part with the codename of the corresponding Debian release,
   > such as `bookworm`.
```
